everyone
Now the Golden Dragon Awards ceremony officially begins
If you don't come down now
Wait a minute, you don't know why the people above died
Welcome to the Golden Dragon Awards
The awards ceremony
Tonight we will unveil the winners for Best Actress
Winning Best Actress
Will become the Golden Dragon Award
The heroine of the next custom drama
The film will hit the international stage
The actress who also won Best Actress
Will cooperate with the moon room
On the cover of VM
Become the first female protagonist to appear on the cover of VM
If he really wins tonight
Did you really put him on the cover of VM?
It's not up to me to decide who wins
It's not Mr. Long who has the final say
Now comes the most exciting moment
The winner of this year's Golden Dragon Award for Best Actress is
Golden Dragon Award Annual Gala Best Award Winner
Hmm, a pig.
What!